Feature/component docs (#60)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/components/networktransform.md

---
id: networktransform
title: NetworkTransform
---

> A `NetworkObject's` position and rotation is normally only synchronized when that object get spawned. To sychronize position and rotation at realtime during the game a `NetworkTransform` component is needed. `NetworkTransform` sychnronizes the transform of the owner of the network object to all other clients.

Reviewer: slight edit and typos
```suggestion
The  position and rotation of a `NetworkObject` is normally only synchronized when that object is spawned. To synchronize position and rotation at realtime during the game, a `NetworkTransform` component is needed. `NetworkTransform` synchronizes the transform of the owner of the network object to all other clients.
```
